WB version 1.1.4: Supprting inactive ALNs (#4650)
GSA-TTS/FAC: backend/schemas/README.md

- Run `make all` to generate new schemas and tempaltes
- Once your PR is merged, don't forget to copy the new templates, found in `backend/schemas/output/excel/xlsx/`, into `assets/workbooks/` of the [static site repo](https://github.com/GSA-TTS/FAC-transition-site).

# Updating the ALN (formerly CFDA) listings

> The current CFDA assistance listings are in the CSV found [here](https://sam.gov/data-services/Assistance%20Listings/datagov?privacy=Public). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I'd suggest removing this bit since the new process doesn't rely on sam.gov's data exports anymore.

> To download ALN listings, login to Sam.gov with your GSA account and go to https://sam.gov/search/. Select "Assistance Listings" as domain. Under "key word" search, choose simple and "any words" and then "active" listings. Click "Actions" on the upper-right and then "download" to get the CSV file of active listings. Repeat the process, and choose "inactive" listings to get the CSV file for inactive ALN listings. These have to be done separately due to a limit on the amount of records that can be downloaded into a CSV file. Open up both files, copy the data from one into the other and save it as a single file in the format `cfda-lookup-YYYYMMDD.csv` in the `/schemas/source/data` directory. Running `make all` should be sufficent to regenerate the lookup schemas and the Excel templates. To verify that the "make all" command has run correctly, check to see that backend/schemas/source/base/FederalProgramNames.json file has been updated.

Reviewer: I recommend an ordered list here. Some copy changes and typo fixes as well:

```suggestion
To download ALN listings:

1. Log in to Sam.gov with your GSA account and go to https://sam.gov/search/. 
2. Select "Assistance Listings" as domain. 
3. Under "key word" search, choose simple and "any words" and then "active" listings. 
4. Click "Actions" on the upper-right and then "download" to get the CSV file of active listings. 
5. Repeat the process, choosing "inactive" listings to get the CSV file for inactive ALN listings. These have to be done separately due to a limit on the amount of records that can be downloaded into a CSV file. 
6. Combine the two CSV files into one. Open both files in your text editor, then copy the data (without headings) from one into the other and save it as a single CSV file. Name your file in the format `cfda-lookup-YYYYMMDD.csv` and save it in the `/schemas/source/data` directory. 
7. Finally, run `make all` to generate the lookup schemas and the Excel templates. To verify that the "make all" command has run correctly, check to see that the`backend/schemas/source/base/FederalProgramNames.json` file has been updated.
```

- Run `make all` to generate new schemas and tempaltes
- Once your PR is merged, don't forget to copy the new templates, found in `backend/schemas/output/excel/xlsx/`, into `assets/workbooks/` of the [static site repo](https://github.com/GSA-TTS/FAC-transition-site).

# Updating the ALN (formerly CFDA) listings

To download ALN listings:

1. Log in to Sam.gov with your GSA account and go to https://sam.gov/search/.
2. Select "Assistance Listings" as domain.
3. Under "key word" search, choose simple and "any words" and then "active" listings.
4. Click "Actions" on the upper-right and then "download" to get the CSV file of active listings. Save this as `/schemas/source/data/alns_to_be_merged/active-alns.csv`.
5. Repeat the process, choosing "inactive" listings to get the CSV file for inactive ALN listings. Save this as `/schemas/source/data/alns_to_be_merged/inactive-alns.csv`. These have to be done separately due to a limit on the amount of records that can be downloaded into a CSV file.

> 7. Finally, run `make all`. This will merge the CSVs and generate the lookup schemas and the Excel templates. To verify that the "make all" command has run correctly, check to see that the`backend/schemas/source/base/FederalProgramNames.json` file has been updated.

Reviewer 2: I believe you need to activate your vitrual env inside `backend/schemas/` before running `make all`

Author: Good call! Added it to the ReadMe. Thank you!
